Describe minor vs major updates to extensions (#51)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM-registries: README.md

[Valuable, Absent, and Used criteria](https://github.com/FamilySearch/GEDCOM/tree/main/attribute-event-requests#proposing-new-family-and-individual-attributes-and-events)
then a standard tag/URI can be added into the 'v7.1' branch of the
[FamilySearch/GEDCOM repository](https://github.com/FamilySearch/GEDCOM) for inclusion into a future release.

## Updating extensions

Three kinds of updates might be made to an extension.

- Changes in presentation or documentation that do not change how the extension is used in GEDCOM files (a "patch").

> - Changes that add to the extension without changing or removing, such as adding new substructures or enumeration values or documenting new superstructures that accept the extension (a "minor update").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes that result in all files that followed the old version having the same meaning under the new version, such as adding new substructures or enumeration values or documenting new superstructures that accept the extension (a "minor update").
```
